docs: add Connect Daytona guide (#42)
FredKSchott/flue: docs/connect-daytona.md

flue add daytona --print

# Or pipe directly to a coding agent
flue add daytona --print | claude
```

This drops a `connectors/daytona.ts` file into your workspace (under `.flue/connectors/` if you're using the `.flue/` layout, or `connectors/` at the project root otherwise) and reminds you to install Daytona's TypeScript SDK:

```bash
npm install @daytona/sdk
```

The connector is a TypeScript adapter that wraps a Daytona sandbox into Flue's `SandboxFactory` interface — see the [sandbox connector spec](./sandbox-connector-spec.md) for the contract.

## Use Daytona in your agent

Instead of letting `init()` spin up a default virtual sandbox, create a Daytona sandbox yourself and pass it to `init()`. Three things change in your agent file:

1. Import `Daytona` from `@daytona/sdk` and `daytona` from your connector file.
2. Create a Daytona client and sandbox.
3. Pass `sandbox: daytona(sandbox)` to `init()`.

Applied to the Hello World agent from the deploy guides:

```typescript
import type { FlueContext } from '@flue/sdk/client';
import { Daytona } from '@daytona/sdk';
import { daytona } from '../connectors/daytona';

export const triggers = { webhook: true };

> export default async function ({ init, env }: FlueContext) {
>   const client = new Daytona({ apiKey: env.DAYTONA_API_KEY });
>   const sandbox = await client.create();
> 
>   const agent = await init({
>     sandbox: daytona(sandbox, { cleanup: true }),
>     model: 'anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6',
>   });
>   const session = await agent.session();
> 
>   return await session.shell('uname -a');
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: small lifecycle correction: `cleanup: true` wires Daytona deletion into agent.destroy(), but it doesn't run automatically when the session/request finishes. I tested this in a real Flue project with a Daytona API key: the current snippet successfully runs uname -a, but after flue run exits the sandbox is still running. wrapping the session work in try/finally { await agent.destroy(); } cleans it up as expected.

```suggestion
export default async function ({ init, env }: FlueContext) {
  const client = new Daytona({ apiKey: env.DAYTONA_API_KEY });
  const sandbox = await client.create();

  const agent = await init({
    sandbox: daytona(sandbox, { cleanup: true }),
    model: 'anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6',
  });

  try {
    const session = await agent.session();
    return await session.shell('uname -a');
  } finally { 
    await agent.destroy();
  }
}
```

Author: Good catch — fixed. Wrapped the session work in try/finally with agent.destroy() in the new commit.

> `cleanup: true` tells Flue to delete the sandbox when the session ends. The default is `false` (you manage the lifecycle), and you can also pass a function for custom teardown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cleanup: true` tells Flue to delete the sandbox when `agent.destroy()` is called. Use try/finally for request-scoped sandboxes so cleanup runs even if the session work throws. The default is false (you manage the lifecycle), and you can also pass a function for custom teardown.
```

Author: Updated the surrounding paragraph along these lines — clarified that cleanup runs on agent.destroy() and recommended try/finally for request-scoped sandboxes.

```typescript
import type { FlueContext } from '@flue/sdk/client';
import { Daytona } from '@daytona/sdk';
import { daytona } from '../connectors/daytona';

export const triggers = { webhook: true };

export default async function ({ init, payload, env }: FlueContext) {
  const client = new Daytona({ apiKey: env.DAYTONA_API_KEY });
  const sandbox = await client.create();

  // Setup session — clone the repo and install dependencies.
  const setupAgent = await init({
    sandbox: daytona(sandbox, { cleanup: true }),
    model: 'anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6',
  });
  const setup = await setupAgent.session();
  await setup.shell(`git clone ${payload.repo} /workspace/project`);
  await setup.shell('npm install', { cwd: '/workspace/project' });

  // Working session — same sandbox, but rooted at the project directory.
  const projectAgent = await init({
    id: 'project',
    sandbox: daytona(sandbox),
    cwd: '/workspace/project',
    model: 'anthropic/claude-sonnet-4-6',
  });
  const session = await projectAgent.session();

  return await session.prompt(payload.prompt);
}
```

> Both `init()` calls share the same Daytona sandbox. Only the first carries `cleanup: true` so the sandbox is torn down when the working session ends. The second passes `cwd` so the agent's tools operate inside the project directory.

Reviewer: same cleanup issue here, but there's an extra ownership wrinkle because this example creates two Flue agents over the same Daytona sandbox. `cleanup: true`is attached to the first setupAgent, not to "the working session," so projectAgent.destroy() would not clean up the sandbox as written.

I think this example should either:
1. explicitly call await setupAgent.destroy() in a finally, since that's the agent that owns connector cleanup, or
2. manage the shared sandbox directly with the Daytona SDK in finally { await sandbox.delete(); }.

separately, for truly throwaway/request-scoped Daytona sandboxes, users can also choose Daytona lifecycle options like `ephemeral: true` / `autoDeleteInterval`, but maybe not necessary to include for this basic connector example.

Author: Right, this one was actually wrong as written. Switched the example to manage the shared sandbox directly with sandbox.delete() in finally — that matches the ownership model better than putting cleanup: true on one of the two agents. Skipped ephemeral/autoDeleteInterval to keep the basic example focused.
